Doc: Update logstash-filter-grok resources (#27)
elastic/logstash-docs-md: docs/lsr/plugins-filters-grok.md

> Logstash ships with about 120 patterns by default. You can find them here: [https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-patterns-core/tree/master/patterns](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-patterns-core/tree/master/patterns). You can add your own trivially. (See the `patterns_dir` setting)

Reviewer: - If this paragraph has been changed in the [docs/vpr/v4-4-3-plugins-filters-grok.md](https://github.com/elastic/logstash-docs-md/pull/27/files#diff-9989fc1db6910816cb04e5b1f76b037b8593339c56af318588469e3dbd1d840a) file (in this same PR), why not fix it here, too?
- Also, shouldn’t both changes match the change in the paragraph in your [PR](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-filter-grok/pull/196/files#diff-cae5619b3d18ec99c5ccd0a9f6de0c6d3f53343c64692444551a7d29da6863e7R31-R33) in the `logstash-plugins` repo?

So, for example,

```suggestion
Logstash ships with about 120 [default grok patterns](https://github.com/logstash-plugins/logstash-patterns-core/tree/master/patterns). You can also add your own. Check out the [`patterns_dir` setting](#v4.4.3-plugins-filters-grok-patterns_dir) for more info.
```
